rugged yeah he bragging everyone
will get a lot of clay huge
walls on both sides of you at
all times described it
sand rock there so it's very
flat and it's covered in
seagrass color red sandstone
it's very green very gray and
red the best earth colors
possible on a nice sunny day
everything just kind of blows
and just the colors come on I
the light doesn't even have to
hit them perfectly for it to
look like the clips are on fire
there so red
he took data from star wars
Therese simply make it except
it's gonna be a little bit
cleaner it's like a Midwestern
desert pretty much the quietest
place you could ever come places
that feel like rain forests and
everything is covered in moss
4,000 foot walls on either
started us but then you get up
higher and there's these jagged
peaks and the steepness we're
all dwarfed in these mountains
huge trees and that's all you
know what you hear the way the
clouds sit on the mountains i
absolutely love but when you
come here it's huge street
yeah tues which is kinda what
they're famous for which is
these pillars of rock scheduled
nice is the kind of rock geology
fascinating but actually i
didn't get this earth kind of
melting and coming back together
we're inside a crater of the
volcano joshua tree itself had a
lot of douglas fir trees chunky
tree and fold this clips that
are not on the scale anywhere
else in the world when you stand
next to it you were just like so
microscopic compared to that
that's in the save didn't
mention the glaciers over 300
glaciers hundreds and hundreds
of lakes a lot of water it's
just a big hole in the ground
pool water I'll clean the water
is how deep the lake is much
more than that when the clear
lakes in the world
the air is really pretty yeah so
Chris not sunny i would call it
the city but it had some city
like burns our nostrils FML
mr. inhaling smoke all the hits
that high heat wind and it's
just kind of its different
unique little weird feeling you
apparently they're also
crocodiles down by the river
different types of animals that
I've never seen before
dr. Isles the american ones
alligators prairie dogs just
ridiculous and bugs and animals
everywhere I think it makes me
at peace with myself I guess a
quiet place to ask yourself
questions and maybe you need to
ask yourself spiritual place for
inner reflection as well as
recreation see all directions
around you
I just like I become a lot less
stress about life . it's
basically just like set aside
land that like right now they
just found the raddest land and
they're like we're keeping this
one because this is the coolest
one other couples and their way
in the light you know judgment
always look at we've usually
been the youngest people is
definitely the older crowd is
still here people who have been
dirtbag it before i was bored so
we do get a lot of use from
places like China sometimes even
France Germany that come here
and they usually seem pretty
excited